Add docs explain new flag css trigger static content (#180)
AdobeDocs/commerce-frontend-core: src/pages/guide/css/preprocess.md

 // Theme widgets
```

> ## Trigger flag deploy styles for only enabled modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy styles for enabled modules only
```

> Default all css by default will build to final css no matter modules enabled or disabled. With this flag explain below allow developers able to control how we want css generate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

This feature is available in 2.4.8-beta only.

By default, the core code base imports all CSS from all modules, regardless of whether modules are enabled or disabled. This can lead to unnecessarily large CSS files, which can delay browser parsing, especially for stores with many modules and custom styles. To reduce the size of the CSS output and improve browser performance, you can use the `static_content_only_enabled_modules` flag.
```

> ### Changing flag trigger deploy static contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Add inside to app/etc/env.php or app/etc/config.php. Add following line to the top array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following line to the top of the array in your `app/etc/env.php` or `app/etc/config.php` file:
```

> ```php

Reviewer: Please increase the indent of the code block 3 spaces so that it lines up under step 1.

return [
'static_content_only_enabled_modules' => true,
//...other lines
]
```

> With true value meaning magento will deploy static content styles from enabled module to final css files (styles-l.css, styles-m.css). If set value to false magento will deploy all styles no matter modules enabled or disabled!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Set the value to `true` to deploy styles from enabled modules only to the final CSS files (`styles-l.css`, `styles-m.css`).
   - Set the value to `false` to deploy all styles, regardless of module status.
```

> 2. After modify php file. Make sure re-run setup upgrade for update config flag 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update your configuration:
```

> sync-up config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```bash

> php bin/magento app:config:import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bin/magento app:config:import
```

Reviewer: Please increase the indent of the code block 3 spaces so that it lines up under the previous step.

```

and run setup command

```bash

> php bin/magento setup:upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

Reviewer: Please increase the indent of the code block 3 spaces so that it lines up under the previous step.

```

> Now re-run deploy static content if need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Re-run static content deployment (if necessary):
```

```bash

> php bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy en_US --area frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy en_US --area frontend
```

Reviewer: Please increase the indent of the code block 3 spaces so that it lines up under the previous step.

```

> Ensure you replace `en_US` with the appropriate locale code if your store uses a different language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Replace `en_US` with the appropriate locale code if your store uses a different language.
```
